# codename_phoenix

Welcome and thank you for visiting this project.  This project will evolve 
over time with the main goal of developing tools that assist beings who 
choose to act as free agents in the existing markets.  My inital goal is 
to create a decentralized web app that provides a trustless environment to 
coordinate the purchase of services, secure submission of preoject 
dependencies, and an escrow system to ensure coordinate the payment 
transactions via escrow. Based on the type of service requested, the 
system should allow for contracts and authorization workflows to obtain 
permissions to handle matters on behalf of requestor.  A scalable 
solution that provides tools, resources, and a network for individuals 
seeking simplicity in a sovereign state.

A marketplace for work built with an onchain reputation based on 
character, integrity, and respect.  A group purchasing organization.
Integrated financial services, tax preparation, healthcare marketplace. 
Information management, aggregation and an update engine linked to your 
employer, health insurance company, healthcare providers, 
schools/universities with data tokenized at the smallest level for 
absolute control of distribution.

My experience is in healthcare access and revenue cycle operations. I hold 
an B.A. in Management Information Systems. I have spent countless hours 
competing for jobs with organizations I have no desire to work for.  I may 
not want to work for you, but I would love to contribute to your success 
any way I can.  
